# Notion Electron

This is just a test repository, to build notion using nativefier, and see if using it's optimizations, the application can be improved, namely in battery life, and responsiveness.

## Why

Notion’s official application for Mac takes up so much battery life, that I was wondering what would happen, if I built it with pure Nativefier, an automated way to build websites into electron apps.

### Advantages

- Noticeable increase in responsiveness, launches faster, loads faster, and less lag.
- Consumes less energy.
- Less background calls to the server.

### Disadvantages

- There are minor UI bugs that really shouldn’t affect the experience at all, found [here](https://github.com/Shad0wSeven/notion-electron-mac/releases/tag/0.1).

- No forward and back buttons.

  

# Installation

## How to install from App

**MAC ONLY FOR NOW** [ACTUALLY THIS IS VERY OUTDATED USE THE BUILD PART TO GET A NEW VERSION OF NATIVEFIER!]

Download [this](https://github.com/Shad0wSeven/notion-electron-mac/releases/download/0.1/Notion_OSX.zip).

Unzip and drag to the `/Applications` folder.

---

For more advanced users (and if you have trouble with the above):

## Instructions for building:

1. Download/Clone this repo.
2. Install Nativefier: [Guide](https://github.com/nativefier/nativefier#installation)
3. Run: 
   ```bash
   nativefier --name 'Notion' "notion.so" --inject site.css --title-bar-style 'hiddenInset' -i n.icns
   ```

Then drag the output application `Notion.app` into your Applications folder. You can change the name from `Notion` to whatever you want if it’s causing problems with the other notion app you have.



For non Mac users, just do:

```bash
nativefier --name 'Notion' "notion.so" 
```

---

**There are binaries in release, but these were generated by me on my computer, they might not work on yours!!**



## NOTE: The first startup takes a while, so just wait, after the first startup, the application starts much much faster.



